EDU-3230: Updates API key docs to address rotation and best practices (#3117)
temporalio/documentation: docs/production-deployment/cloud/api-keys.mdx

- **Keep it secret; keep it safe**: Treat your API key like a password.
  Do not expose it in client-side code, public repositories, or other easily accessible locations.
- **Rotate keys regularly**: Change your API keys periodically to reduce risks from potential leaks.
  Keys must be rotated every at least every 90 days.

> - **Design your code for easy key updates**: Opt for key management practices that let you refresh your API keys without touching your code.

Reviewer: Nit: instead of saying "without touching code" I'd probably just say to use our cloud ops APIs to do automation

Reviewer: I'd also remove the word "easy" because key rotation is generally considered a hard problem

Author: @mattkim Reworded to "- **Design your code for easy key updates**: Use key management practices that retrieve your API keys without hard-coding them into your apps.
  This lets you restart your Workers to refresh your rotated keys without recompiling your code."

Author: Have I missed the point?

Author: Removing `easy`.

Author: @mattkim OK? 

```
- **Design your code for key updates**: Use key management practices that retrieve your API keys without hard-coding them into your apps.
  This lets you restart your Workers to refresh your rotated keys without recompiling your code.
```

tcld apikey delete --id <api-key-id>
```

### Rotate an API key

Temporal API keys automatically expire.
Their maximum life is 90 days.
Follow these steps to rotate API keys:

> 1. Delete the existing key.

Reviewer: They need to create a new key first and then allow both to be active at the same time. Then switch to the new key. Once they verify everything is switched to the new key and verified that the old key is no longer used they can delete it

Author: @mattkim Please confirm this is correct:

```
1. Create a new key.
   You may reuse key names if that helps.
1. Allow both keys to be active at the same time.
1. Switch to the new key.
1. Verify the new key works and the old key is no longer being used.
1. Delete the existing key.
```

tcld apikey delete --id <api-key-id>
```

### Rotate an API key

Temporal API keys automatically expire.
Their maximum life is 90 days.
Follow these steps to rotate API keys:

1. Create a new key.
   You may reuse key names if that helps.
1. Allow both keys to be active at the same time.

> 1. Switch to the new key and start using it.

Reviewer: nit: Switch clients to load the new key and start using it.

Author: Replacing x 2.

> 1. Ensure both the original key and new key are functioning properly before moving to the next step.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Ensure that both the original key and new key function properly before moving to the next step.
```

Author: Adopted as suggested. Thank you.

1. Verify the new key works and the old key is no longer being used.

> 1. Delete the existing key.

Reviewer: nit: Delete the old key

>    Phase out the old key until is no longer being used.

Reviewer 2: "Phase out the old key until is no longer being used" sounds odd to me. 

Consider rephrasing by combining with the next point. For example, "You may delete the old key once it is no longer in use."

Author: Adopting suggestion.

Author: ```
1. Create a new key.
   You may reuse key names if that helps.
1. Ensure both the original key and new key are functioning properly before moving to the next step.
1. Switch clients to load the new key and start using it.
1. Delete the old key after it is no longer in use.
``

tcld apikey delete --id <api-key-id>
```

### Rotate a Service Account API key

Temporal API keys automatically expire.
Their maximum life is 90 days.
Follow these steps to rotate API keys:

> 1. Delete the existing key.

Reviewer: Same comment as above for steps to rotate

Author: 👍

tcld apikey delete --id <api-key-id>
```

### Rotate a Service Account API key

Temporal API keys automatically expire.
Their maximum life is 90 days.
Follow these steps to rotate API keys:

1. Create a new key.

>    You may reuse key names if that helps.

Reviewer 2: "Phase out the old key until is no longer being used" sounds odd to me.

Consider rephrasing by combining with the next point. For example, "You may delete the old key once it is no longer in use."

Author: Adopted with minor changes as above.

```
1. Create a new key.
   You may reuse key names if that helps.
1. Ensure both the original key and new key are functioning properly before moving to the next step.
1. Switch clients to load the new key and start using it.
1. Delete the old key after it is no longer in use.
```

> 1. Ensure both the original key and new key are functioning properly before moving to the next step.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Ensure that both the original key and new key function properly before moving to the next step.
```

1. Switch to the new key and start using it.
1. Verify the new key works and the old key is no longer being used.
1. Delete the existing key.

> 

Reviewer: Same as above.

Author: old

>    Phase out the old key until is no longer being used.

Reviewer 2: "Phase out the old key until is no longer being used" sounds odd to me.

Consider rephrasing by combining with the next point. For example, "You may delete the old key once it is no longer in use."

Author: Rephrased as suggested and back ported in adopted wording (that, etc)
